i want a player statistical management system. the name of the site will be GEF PLAYER STATISTICS. the site will contain the lists of all the players there should be a team section too where users can see which team have which players. the players must have all kinds of stats including matches played won lost draw goals scored and conceded and also mvps and other awards and also their market price and salary. I will be the only admin my email will be shuvayan95@gmail.com and the password will be shuvayan@11. other users will do not have to log in to view anything but they cannot also edit anything. build me an admin dashboard too from where i can edit everthing in the website itself including all the stats add players add teams refer them to the teams etc etc! and also there should be a ccompare button for the users where they can compare two players which will show their stats with charts and bars etc i want a transfer area where users can see which players are transferring where etc etc see many players face off each other in matches since its like indivdual matches like in a team say 5 players play 5 different matches against 5 players of the opponent and the point winning system is done to determine the winner so many players face off each other so make a section or put it somewhere where we can se this player aced off this player how many times and how many times he won lost drew how many goals scored etc make the design more esports type and in compare players add more grahphs and stuff like win percent loss percent player overall rating and also make a season thing where it can be filtered out which player faced off which player which season and what was the result nad which player played how in which season etc etc so season wise filtr must be added since it is efootball a mobile game i want you to add a competition section ok like where i can post match results see how will you make it two teams play each other in a series of matches say 5 or 7 and they also have a sub bench. so i want you to make a place hwere i can uload result between two teams and which player played which match should also be there. casue lets say in team a vs team B theres 5 players who face off each other in matches and the match winning points decides which team wins so yeah it must be made like that and the scorecard will be based on competitions theres a league and a main champions cup and other tournaments since it is a big season type thing so yeah it should be categorized. and when i enter a match result say player 1 of this team vs player 2 of that team that info must automatically transfer to the head to head section ok so users can aslo see the h2h between the two players. all this must be able to control through the admin dashboard make it proper and clean so that when i add scorecards the players names and his or her stats are also added automatically in the player section too